[cpplint] Provide Sider's recommended set of rules (#506)
sider/sider-docs: docs/getting-started/recommended-rules.md

---
id: recommended-rules
title: Recommended Ruleset
sidebar_label: Recommended Ruleset
hide_title: true
---

# Recommended Ruleset

> Static code analysis tool can improve the quality of your source-code because it ensures coding-style across a project and also detects possible coding errors without any test executions. However, static analysis with its default configuration typically reports a lot of issues. Some of them aren't applicable to your projects and are called "false positive". Most analysis tool has a capability to let users to enable/disable analysis rules to be actively used. You may try to determine if the rule is really a good match for your projects. But a huge amount of issues makes it difficult to manually verify all of them.

Author: Fixed. Because I also have merged suggestions from Prof. Takada and Nagura accordingly, not all of your suggestions are applied.

> Sider provides our recommended ruleset which can reduce false positives. We introduce our own automated classifier based on K-means machine learning algorithm. We train the classifier to classify which rules to address or not to fix by counting the number of commits where the issue is reported and it is fixed, using a total of about 3.6 million commits over 1,000 popular OSS repositories. This study is conducted in collaboration with Prof. Shingo TAKADA[^1] of Keio University in Kanagawa, Japan and Prof. Masataka NAGURA[^2] of Nanzan University in Aichi, Japan.

Author: > __[remark-lint]__ Use the trailing `[]` on reference links ([view](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/506#issue-4720618))
>
> <details>
>
> | Rule | Severity |
> | ---- | -------- |
> | `no-shortcut-reference-link` | `warn` |
>
> You can [close this issue](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/506#issue-4720618) if no need to fix it. [Learn more](https://help.sider.review/getting-started/working-with-issues).
>
> </details>

[^1] and [^2] are the footnote notations.

Reviewer: Footnotes are not supported in GitHub. See https://github.com/github/markup/issues/498

Reviewer: Please check the solution on:

https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/blob/5d5ad7a68c37e06e366ef7a03e86eaa167b0c8fc/docs/getting-started/permissions.md#L21

Author: Thank you for pointing out. Fixed. commit 00760ea74dea9bfbffe1e93f56b683c42f647b5f

> Sider provides our recommended ruleset which can reduce false positives. We introduce our own automated classifier based on K-means machine learning algorithm. We train the classifier to classify which rules to address or not to fix by counting the number of commits where the issue is reported and it is fixed, using a total of about 3.6 million commits over 1,000 popular OSS repositories. This study is conducted in collaboration with Prof. Shingo TAKADA[^1] of Keio University in Kanagawa, Japan and Prof. Masataka NAGURA[^2] of Nanzan University in Aichi, Japan.

Reviewer 2: I updated the line with the following suggestion. Please ignore if you're not comfortable with it.

```suggestion
Sider provides our recommended ruleset, which can reduce false positives. We've introduced our own automated classifier based on K-means machine learning algorithm. We've trained the classifier to classify which rules to be addressed or not by counting the number of fixed issues, which are reported in the previous commits, using a total of about 3.6 million commits over 1,000 popular OSS repositories. This study has been conducted in collaboration with Prof. Shingo TAKADA[^1] of Keio University in Kanagawa, Japan, and Prof. Masataka NAGURA[^2] of Nanzan University in Aichi, Japan.
```

Author: Fixed. Because I also have merged suggestions from Prof. Takada and Nagura accordingly, not all of your suggestions are applied.

> For certain analysis tools listed in [Analysis tools including recommended ruleset obtained by the algorithm](#analysis-tools-including-recommended-ruleset-obtained-by-the-algorithm), Sider provides our recommended ruleset which can reduce false positives. The recommended ruleset is obtained through a classification of coding-style rules using K-means machine learning algorithm. We've trained the classifier to classify which rules should be addressed or not based on the number of commits where the issue (coding-style violation) is reported and fixed. A total of about 3.6 million commits over 1,000 popular OSS repositories were used in this study. This study has been conducted in collaboration with Prof. Shingo TAKADA¹ of Keio University in Kanagawa, Japan and Assoc. Prof. Masataka NAGURA² of Nanzan University in Aichi, Japan.

Reviewer: [suggestion] Can we avoid the abbreviations as follows? It seems a bit hard to read.

- `Prof. Shingo TAKADA` -> `Professor Shingo TAKADA`
- `Assoc. Prof. Masataka NAGURA` -> `Associate Professor Masataka NAGURA`

Also, how about using a list as follows?

```
<blank line>

This study has been conducted in collaboration with the following people:

- Professor Shingo TAKADA of Keio University in Kanagawa, Japan
- Associate Professor Masataka NAGURA of Nanzan University in Aichi, Japan
```

> Sider automatically applies our recommended ruleset for supported analysis tools when a configuration file doesn't exist in your repository. Since the recommended rulesets are available on our website, you can modify and place it in your repository as required for correct analysis of your projects.

Reviewer: [suggestion] Currently, we have "recommended ruleset" of some tools that does **not** supported the alogorithm described in this page, e.g. MeowCop:

https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/blob/5d5ad7a68c37e06e366ef7a03e86eaa167b0c8fc/docs/tools/ruby/rubocop.md#default-configuration-for-rubocop

So, I wonder this description may misleading users. Can you improve the description?

Author: I have added a condition sentence "For certain analysis tools listed in ..." to emphasize only dedicated tools have the ruleset obtained by the algorithm. commit 7416171387b52a528743209d07ac0715ad7423c0

## Supported analysis tools

- [cpplint](../tools/cplusplus/cpplint.md#recommended-ruleset)

> [^1]: http://www.doi.ics.keio.ac.jp/research.html

Author: > __[Goodcheck]__ Use `https://` instead of `http://` if available ([view](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/506#issue-4720161))
>
> <details>
>
> | Rule |
> | ---- |
> | `sider.sider-docs.https_url` |
>
> You can [close this issue](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/506#issue-4720161) if no need to fix it. [Learn more](https://help.sider.review/getting-started/working-with-issues).
>
> </details>

以下の理由でこのIssueをクローズしました：
- When the URL does not support `https:`

> ## Analysis tools including recommended ruleset obtained by the algorithm

Reviewer: [suggestion] This heading seems too long to me. How about changing it as follows?

<img width="342" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/473530/95160463-9ee56c80-07db-11eb-8145-64c4f69f87cd.png">

```suggestion
## Supported tools
```

> ¹ http://www.doi.ics.keio.ac.jp/research.html

Author: > __[Goodcheck]__ Use `https://` instead of `http://` if available ([view](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/506#issue-4731805))
>
> <details>
>
> | Rule |
> | ---- |
> | `sider.sider-docs.https_url` |
>
> You can [close this issue](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/506#issue-4731805) if no need to fix it. [Learn more](https://help.sider.review/getting-started/working-with-issues).
>
> </details>

以下の理由でこのIssueをクローズしました：
- When the URL does not support `https:`

> ² https://researchmap.jp/read0129611

Author: Insert blank line between 1 and 2.

Reviewer: Will you do it?

<img width="645" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/473530/95160260-0bac3700-07db-11eb-896c-7db81f05a54a.png">

https://deploy-preview-506--sider-docs.netlify.app/getting-started/recommended-rules

Author: Yes, I will.

Reviewer: Also, it seems better to move the footnotes to move above the "## Analysis tools including recommended ruleset obtained by the algorithm" heading.

```
¹ http://www.doi.ics.keio.ac.jp/research.html

² https://researchmap.jp/read0129611

## Analysis tools including recommended ruleset obtained by the algorithm
```

Reviewer: Or, cannot we just link the professor's names as follows?

```
[Prof. Shingo TAKADA](http://www.doi.ics.keio.ac.jp/research.html)
```

For certain analysis tools listed in [Supported tools](#supported-tools), Sider provides our recommended ruleset which can reduce false positives. The recommended ruleset is obtained through a classification of coding-style rules using K-means machine learning algorithm. We've trained the classifier to classify which rules should be addressed or not based on the number of commits where the issue (coding-style violation) is reported and fixed. A total of about 3.6 million commits over 1,000 popular OSS repositories were used in this study. This study has been conducted in collaboration with Prof. Shingo TAKADA¹ of Keio University in Kanagawa, Japan and Assoc. Prof. Masataka NAGURA² of Nanzan University in Aichi, Japan.

Sider automatically applies the recommended ruleset for analysis tools listed [below](#supported-tools) when a configuration file doesn't exist in your repository. Since the recommended rulesets are available on our website, you can modify and place it in your repository as required for correct analysis of your projects.

¹ http://www.doi.ics.keio.ac.jp/research.html

² https://researchmap.jp/read0129611

> ## Supported tools

Reviewer: Sorry, here is for the unification of the style:

```suggestion
## Supported Tools
```

---
id: recommended-rules
title: Recommended Ruleset
sidebar_label: Recommended Ruleset
hide_title: true
---

# Recommended Ruleset

> Static analysis with its default configuration typically reports many issues, and some of them don't fit your projects. Most analysis tools have the capability to let users to enable/disable analysis rules for users to avoid such "false positives." But, a huge amount of issues makes it difficult to manually verify all of them. For certain analysis tools listed in [Supported Tools](#supported-tools), Sider provides our recommended ruleset which can reduce false positives.

Reviewer 2: I think "let" doesn't require "to."

```suggestion
Static analysis with its default configuration typically reports many issues, and some of them don't fit your projects. Most analysis tools have the capability to let users enable/disable analysis rules for users to avoid such "false positives." But, a huge amount of issues makes it difficult to manually verify all of them. For certain analysis tools listed in [Supported Tools](#supported-tools), Sider provides our recommended ruleset which can reduce false positives.
```

Author: Thank you for pointing out. Fixed. commit f99a3d5cd2f2a4639318139682eefb64acdad24c

## Ruleset Generation Algorithm

The recommended ruleset is obtained through a classification of coding-style rules using K-means machine learning algorithm. We've trained the classifier to classify which rules should be addressed or not based on the number of commits where the issue (coding-style violation) is reported and fixed. A total of about 3.6 million commits over 1,000 popular OSS repositories were used in this study.

This study has been conducted in collaboration with the following partners:

> - [Prof. Shingo TAKADA](http://www.doi.ics.keio.ac.jp/research.html) of Keio University in Kanagawa, Japan

Author: > __[Goodcheck]__ Use `https://` instead of `http://` if available ([view](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/506#issue-4732544))
>
> <details>
>
> | Rule |
> | ---- |
> | `sider.sider-docs.https_url` |
>
> You can [close this issue](https://sider.review/gh/repos/142577083/pulls/506#issue-4732544) if no need to fix it. [Learn more](https://help.sider.review/getting-started/working-with-issues).
>
> </details>

以下の理由でこのIssueをクローズしました：
- When the URL does not support `https:`
